Adding about external_labels in katacoda tutorial (#2691)
thanos-io/thanos: tutorials/katacoda/thanos/1-globalview/step1.md

      - targets: ['127.0.0.1:9091','127.0.0.1:9092']
</pre>

> **NOTE** : The `global` entry should have `external_labels` else Thanos will not recognise it.

Reviewer: I think we can be more helpful and this and describe it more. What do you think?

Think about someone new here. What it means `recognise` here? What if it's empty? What can go wrong? :hugs:

Reviewer 2: :+1: I think let's describe why do we need this, what this does, the effects of deduplication.

> **NOTE** : Every Prometheus instance must have a globally unique set of identifying labels. These labels are used by the sidecar, Querier to filter out store APIs, and various object readers. It is important to provide compatable set of external labels as Thanos aggregate data across all the available instances. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE** : Every Prometheus instance must have a globally unique set of identifying labels. These labels are important as they represent certain "stream" of data (e.g in the form of TSDB blocks). Within those exact external labels, the compactions and downsampling are performed, Querier filters its store APIs, further sharding option, deduplication, and potential multi-tenancy capabilities are available. Those are not easy to edit retroactively, so it's important to provide a compatible set of external labels as in order to for Thanos to aggregate data across all the available instances. 
```

Reviewer 2: :+1:
